motion birthday, June the eighteenth, 2,002.
Where are you born? Washington, Dc. What neighborhood do you find?
Northeast, and have you lived in Dc. all your life?
Yes, so you've not lived anywhere else. no What school do you go to what bridge you chance, where'd you go to elementary school, middle school?
Do you know where your father or mother was born? My mom was born in Fairfax, Virginia.
My dad was born to land over murder. And do you know what your parents do?
My mom worked at a hotel. Am I dead? Is a mechanic?
All right. so tell me a little bit about where'd you grow up like what they grew up, and creatures in Cliterius.
Do you tell me a little bit about when you were younger?
A young child. No, I have. I have 4 brothers and one sister.
I live. I used to live my grandma and my mom.
Then my grandma passed away, and after I brought my passed away I went to fall together, and then, when I wanted to foster care, whole lot of tragedies happen like my uncle got shot they're not lost my cousin
When I was younger my mom told me that my favorite word was whatever.
Then take trips to South Carolina every year for our family reunion.
We still do the announcements day we go out of town just to go out of town sometimes.
My mom, i'll be her first child to graduate from high school and go to college.
Now that i'm older I talked to my mom, about my career, what I want to do when I get older.
I chief? would I don't know you're a cheerleader!
How long have you been a cheerleader? I just started yesterday.
Oh, congratulate you a new cheerleader I mean i'm not a cheer.
I just just started back doing whether I was chance. I dance for a dance team in Dc.
Which one I forgot the name of it. But I know we dance and may fair.
Okay, are you to oldest of your sister brothers?
No, I have an older brother who just died in a school.
My mom graduated from Roosevelt. My dad graduated.
He at Gregory High School. He graduated from middle School, and he go to high school My mom has her.
Her last thing cooked in because she cooked really well.
Does she still cook now? Yes, She likes to go out to eat.
Sometimes we still have Gamma busters who are a lot, and oh, I submit, my uncle, the other day that I never met him before.
That's your mom's brother or your dad's brother my Mom's brother.
I don't really talk to my dad. so I used to dance for the Boys and Girls Club.
Oh, I dance in a summertime. this summer can't
Okay, so let me let me ask you some questions. then so because you just told me a whole lot of stuff that I didn't know, because I don't Really, I've seen you we went on this college tour together.
So I have a lot of questions. so let's back up so tell me so when you grew up in Clay Terrace, and then what do you remember about your grandma?
Tell me about her, grandma before she passed away. What do you remember doing with her like?
Were you one of her favorites? What are your favorite memories of your grandma?
I was her first granddaughter. she did play about none of her grandkids.
She used. She woke us up for school. She walked us to school.
She's a little crazy, she would always tell me that if she ever left.
Just remember that she's always watching man she told me that even if she passed, or even when she passed away, that she will always be there on my side.
And so for me to everything obstacle do I go to even though she's not here with me.
So How old were you when she passed away? I don't know about what I was when I removed the year she passed away.
She passed through 2,009. She passed away in 2,009.
How did you? Where were you? where you were when she passed away, or were you at school like where you I was home.
I was I was. I seen her when she was having her angerism a back.
Some days later they told us that our kind of had passed away. Was she like a big?
Was she the center of your family like, because after she passed away a whole lot of stuff happened. Oh, that's when things kind of got went downhill.
Hmm. And do you think it's because she passed because she was kind of the rock for your family.
Did you have traditions like which are besides going to South Carolina?
Did you have other family traditions? We have a cookout all the time, like, and some people could serve food.
And did that stop after your Vermont slowed down.
So tell me, tell me about your Did you live in a house or an apartment when you live with your grandma?
We was living in an apartment. Okay, so where do you live now?
I live in a problem with my forest mom i'll be going home with my mom soon.
Well, obviously i'm living, my mom but my my school staff still said, with my forced them all. So so do you mind telling me how you got into foster care, and how that happens.
So my uncle and my stepfather were just not my stepfather anymore.
We were all living in a house, and my my stepfather, and my uncle.
They were smoking marijuana, and they came into the house, and they seen the whole lot of marijuana because someone called the police, and that said that my father, my stepfather, and my uncle was selling
marijuana at a house they found out so we didn't outlaws it. Hmm.
And so they took you guys out of the house. Did you get separated, or were you all able to all go together at first, when my sister was together?
But Mayor kept getting it to it. so the secondary less my little brothers work together, and my mom was pregnant when she got Oh, yeah, taken away.
So. my little brother has always been home all his life, so your little brothers with your mom.
And so now you said, you get to go back home. You get to go back home with her.
My paperwork haven't got switched over yet to her address.
Okay, and and the reason I told nothing that they did. So you get to go back home because because your time is up, or whatever the case.
No, she did have everything she had to do. She had to get a new home.
She had to get a job and all for the game New Hampshire to go to a south shelter to get a voucher.
And now she has a job she works at a hotel I don't know the name of it.
And she has a house, and just everything just back to a moment before I left.
That's awesome. So tell me how did you end up coming to a boys and girls club.
My little sister came here. Oh, she came first, and so how did you?
How did you walk? How did you come in? Did you just cause to pick her up one day, or just because like, How did you come?
Because my mother was just to come home and tell me how much fun she had towards Girls Club, and how long ago is that 2 years ago, 2 years, 18 years ago, 3 years ago.
Have you been coming ever since. Tell me what's been your best memory at the Boys and Girls Club when I was on a dance team when I performed in the summer time.
What did you do? A place with no name by Michael Jackson when we did.
You have a solo? or was it the whole squad?
Yeah, okay. And then I know you were just before we started recording.
You tell me about the college? So tell me a little bit.
You told me that was a fun trip. Why, was it fun tell me describe the college trick?
Because I Haven't heard any I know what it was like for me as an adult.
But tell me what it was like for you. as a young person going on the college tour.
It was like it gave me opportunity to know different colleges because I didn't know it was cause of the name nyu. I didn't know what's called nigger everest I didn't know it was a call
it temple I know temple but I didn't know like all the other cards.
If you went to like Sarah lawrence I didn't know what I was in college, it just gave me an opportunity to see what the college's life is.
It gave me a chance to really get close to some people, because before I went on to call this tool, I didn't really talk to nobody.
But now that I used to talk to people but it wasn't like people that we don't want to call this school.
Now I just talk to people now like those are my friends.
I who did you become friends with don't talk back, and for a lot of people you want to go to college when you get up.
When you grow up when you graduate. Yeah, where do you want to go to college?
I want to go to college at Delaware State University.
Why my Delaware state? Because That's where my aunt and my sister went
And they got a good education. What do you want to study business and management?
What do you want to do? Want to have my own hair song?
Really? Why? Because I like to do this. Okay, so let's go back for a second. Do you like school now?
Do you like I like school, but sometimes school gets tiring i'd be very tired after school, because we walk from place to class, and then at the class.
I go right after school I go straight to church practice. How long does shelling practice?
Usually from 4 to 6 every day, And do you share the football games and stuff which you are football games?
Only the varsity ones, and Richard basketball games, the varsity ones.
So this is like all year. So you both seasons Oh, Ok.
Wow! what got you into cheerleader? Because I have a lot.
I had a loud pitch in my way? I like to be loud so what's your favorite subject?
Math. Are you good at, man? Yes, really good i'm really good but I use my famous account.
I like to use my hands. so what math are you in really I mean i'm not algebra geometry, and you Oh, yeah, I think you're in tenth grade.
Yes, that's it. Yeah. I took geometry and tenth grade, too.
Where'd you take last year, algebra one and you say algebra 2 next year.
Yes, and then we're not sure chigonometry is your high school challenger.
No it challenges its challenges sometimes like when it's time to test or door queens like they're trying to trick you.
Do you think it's because but do you feel like you're getting a good education.
Yes, but sometimes in my fourth career, I thought I don't get an education because people left in my fourth career classes like they like to play a lot.
What's your fourth period? class? Yeah, La 2 ela Oh, English language arts.
So what are you doing in there Like what kind of stuff I got doing?
We were learning about Westmore Westmore. Tell me about I have no clue what you're talking about.
You don't know who Westmore in West maurice no That's why I'm asking like I don't know what to talk about on Westmore Westmond or 2 people that they're not brothers they just
have the same name. Their first name is West Lane is more, and one was more had a light going for itself.
He didn't really have a day in his life his dad passed away the other way.
Some more. He went to jail, and he was a criminal.
And so y'all are like reading their stories do you have to compare their stories or something.
No, we just write about. Well, we do have a computer stores when we finish the book.
Also there's a book Oh, what's the book called West War one is, there was more, too.
Yeah, you have to read that one, too. So when you read Westmore one you're worrying about one guy and it was more tools about the other guy, and you have to compare their 2 different stories, and So these 2 stories was written by
the same person. The 2 stories was written. They were written about once Westmore Wannabe, his book in Westminster, 2 road, Hitsburg.
Oh, okay. So they knew each other. Did they know each other?
They knew each other. They lived in Baltimore. One of them was some tree here, the other one from West Baltimore.
Wanted him new modern decaying and it hurts them when they got assassinated.
It's a lot, and so why do you feel like the kids in your class.
Don't pit they do not paying attention they're not taking it seriously.
They just like the joke around all the time. Do you like?
Are you interested in language and not language, but just reading and stuff like that?
Not reading all the time, but I like my class. Oh, so you want them to shut up so you can listen.
I'm surprised you ain't told them to shut up because I know how you can take like look y'all shut up.
I know how you can be so i'm surprised you Ain't got up and be like, Look i'll shut up!
Go together. Do you have a favorite teacher or have you? ever had a favorite teacher, Who?
Well, where's my mayor teacher she's your marriage right now?
What makes her so good, because, you know, she now had a controller class.
Oh, not like your English teacher. What do you mean? Tell me how she controls our class?
Like to know when we need breaks and stuff. How long are you?
Is it Block schedule? or 1 h i'll schedule? it? Will you stay in that for 85 min out of those 85 min?
We do a do Now, Whoever asked you to do now Right.
We get 30 min, 20 s added on 2 outbreaks.
Oh, so she gives you right like at 11 o'clock. Oh, you don't get on to 1132 I see.
Ok. describe her for me tell me about it she's white she's short.
She's fun she's funny she gives us snacks all the time.
She reward you with lunch from the cray out, or whatever you choose to egg or go
She's just a regular teacher. What you like her do you feel like so going back and thinking about so think about your foster, mom, and thinking about Ms.
Miss her name. Do you feel like some of the things that you like about, miss?
Did you see that kind of those good qualities in your foster mind?
Sometimes it depends on like if she's hollering I don't like people yelling, but I like the you.
Why don't you like people yelling because it ever takes my ears so?
Why is it? Ok? for you to hear because i'm going to tell you so?
You It's okay to yell where you cheering but not any other time.
So you just like to be calm. Okay, what is we? loud and rowdy, Black?
Calm down. You know what I think when I remember when I first met you, and what I remember, I remember you being a lot more rowdy, and I've you do seem a little more calm.
What do you like to do for fun I like the day every since I've been with the dance team?
I just like to dance. Why are you not so on dazzling?
Because I want to be on past. I thought I would be nervous left.
I don't know. I think case is just too changer for me.
I could dance, and all. but cash is a whole different ball game from the boys.
Are girls cook dancing. my Mom didn't have the money to pay for gas.
Jessica something that you want to do. Is it something that you want to do?
But you know if it's something that you really want to do there are people who will help you right?
Yes, you know that. Yes, you know that's one of the reasons that you come to the club is so you because you have people who care about you and want to see you.
Do? Well, yes, hey, somebody's ringing the doorbell
So let me ask you this because i've heard 2 different things. Now, first you tell me because it's too challenging.
But then, you tell me it's about the money is about the money, or because it's too hard to challenge it, and because even if I wanted to do it, it would be challenging and my Mom don't have the money, for okay,
so forget the money. let's say you had the money so it's no longer about the money.
Would you be up for the challenge? Well, yes, you know nobody.
Why not i'll just be too nervous wow you're beautiful.
You're talented. There is nothing that's different from you than all those other girls on the team.
You just have to work hard. Do you want a heart, do you?
If you want it bad enough. You can do anything you want I don't really want to do it because i'm already one of the guys team that's different.
That's different. But I know I think there's something else there.
But we know i'm gonna let that go right now i'm gonna let go right now.
I'm gonna ask you again, though I shouldn't get let it go right now.
I'll pick up right now. so tell me do you like living in Dc.
Yes, why can I know where to go? What do you mean? I know how to get around if I want to go somewhere.
Had not the counten I'm not to go take me somewhere?
How do you get around, Metro? You add the trainer.
The bus both. When was the first time you rode the train the first time I wrote the train was when my mom and my uncle to my little cousin a party at Chucky's cheese How old are you like 11
20. Well, how were you when you first run the bus? Oh, no!
Like much younger, probably like 5, 6 my mom yeah so it's like but now you write it by yourself.
Do. Most kids like ride the metro ride the bus and training by themselves.
What's the craziest thing you've seen on Metro nothing.
You don't see crazy stuff on metro when people are riding train down to stick yourself.
I think the one I saw a man taking his clothes off on the train, and I was like, Oh, Lord!
Is he going? Is he gone? The craziest thing I saw in the news when I made it through that year on that bus driver, so I didn't I see this what happened? The lady told the bus driver for the lady to have a
good day, and she turned around. actually 2 year an hour. Where does she get the urine from?
She went to a vacuum bus and peanut in the cup. So she got back on the bus.
First you got one of us. Oh, and you went to the back of the bus to use the director in a cup shooting when it's time for you to get off.
She walked to the front of the bus, go past the back door, walk to the front of the bus, and the bus driver tells her, Have a nice day, man.
And they just turns around and throw the p one you're gonna hear about that.
No, When was this? This was like some weeks ago? for what?
Because she was mad. He said she had a nice heaven like that, because they told her to have a nice day.
She wouldn't have thought pona you know i'm gonna stop telling you to have a nice day. hey? You can't even tell people have a nice day no more.
Were you at the club and all that stuff was going on at the Benny Road metro like when they had that big fight yourself, where maybe maybe this was last summer, like maybe a year ago.
Yeah, it wasn't this summer, Maybe it was like last spring remember all the stuff was happening with the police and stuff.
I mean they had a whole big riot like on the buses and stuff.
But then they had a whole big like. It was a big big fight at the Metro.
At any room i'm working here. It was crazy there's like 2 300 people down there.
It was really bad I heard about when it was a right at HD.
And something like that shot where you were. There,
I was a greater. What happened? Raw program between kind of work from crater when they go Shooter?
Oh, neighborhood beef stuff, So it's a lot of stuff going on like?
Is that a big thing? No, no more close it out in a second. it's hood beef like a big thing, and easy Sometimes it depends on where you are.
Be so. tell me about it. I don't even know what to be, for I don't give it to that.
But tell me about just in general what's some like some that you know of, like some little beast.
Different, because, like they, one of the people, one of the people killed somebody, and they in their neighborhood another anymore.
Baby forever, he says she say I don't know it would be for people.
I? Is it young people, or is it like like what would I be here?
So they don't beef in the club but they beef when they leave.
So how does that work? So they cool in the club go outside, and it's all like i'm ready to fight you no good to put baby cooler sometimes, but if they see it's like, if I and you hope But we just
see them already focused to each other my whole girl's gonna be mad because i'm talking to you and you my art.
So So What'll happen their fight like but if you're talking to me So Who side you're gonna be on now? Cuz, you're talking to me my whole girlfriend Oh, even though you're talking, to me
though, so they're gonna think you're a trader Oh, it ain't like that, and is this like is high school.
Is it bigger in high school than like middle school and stuff?
Yeah, So what happens in it? Is It Is It's cool duck tough like?
Is it dangerous? No, it could be a metal detector. Yeah.
So you have to walk through a metal detector before you come in.
This class every moon, and if you got a phone they will take it.
If you got all you they go take you like you guys spray they won't take it.
If you got oil, what just order that home with the spray?
What is oil onto you? Go on his mind here at the bottom, like glass.
They tell you to your world. your water bar on the trash like you can come in with a wardrobe like that, but it like water.
Dip pop water, water, you ain't letting smell it.
Then you're late. you can't get anywhere they want to make your door in trash.
Oh, because they think you got something that you don't have Do you see a lot of drugs and stuff in school.
If they know they all knows only man you're good but if they noticed on you, they could smell it all day long.
But hdm K. These people smoke in the school, you see stuff.
Besides, Besides, we, you see, like you know the other, sir, but just.
But you see, people with like weed and and stuff they get.
Did they get in trouble? What happens Like what happens if I get caught? Thank you.
Gain suspended, or you're getting put out and that's it.
So do you see a lot of drs and stuff on their neighborhood?
I don't bet it to be from my neighborhood Why not?
I like people, you know, like people. No, what does that mean just don't conversation people.
Why you think they not? You stick to yourself,
I speak to myself for sense, or is it at birthday?
Who? Why, to his, or he is it Yeah, He Okay who's and why?
What happened with his birthday cause clearly there's something going on with his birthday.
Hey, pull you all your tell me about. Are you such a win?
Tell me about Dan. So he was talking to my friend. How about that?
Oh, I will not shaking home life shady, so what happened on his birthday That made you find out arm, you guys.
That's one of my friends a show that came here where he was on a miracle.
I see it. How? Hmm. So I just felt like could just move him about his life.
Yeah, we please. still you'll talk here? and i'm all right How long is your name?
I will day suffers, came here so for like it's about a year used in my first 10 people. ever can you ever came to the boys nurse.
So that was 3 years. Oh, even if i'm in 3 years, which I broke up, I wouldn't want to break up.
Ok. like this. your boo-like job just broke up hey?
Mabuna war. I don't care okay about him i've just separated myself from come to the car.
And yeah, nation, because that's all my senate time you met him at all.
No. I met him after a flight. Wait a minute, Ok. back up.
So tell me how you met. Then what happens. why don't you pay a story.
Okay, because clearly, I missing out how you sit around East Street, and they used to be around East Street and play basketball.
But I used to like. I like me then, and this boy was fired, dropped the boy girlfriend.
Jump in it. I jump in. Okay. Okay. So go back to
Yeah, so girlfriend jumped in so little girlfriend's up ready.
I jump in. so i'm like you had a mess that you know about to hit him.
They don't have nothing to do to read manager business and she got smart, so I hit her.
And how do you get to fight her? do jumping that you try?
Hit me drop. I hate the girl. She dropped, and we walked off, and I was talking to.
I was like. Do you rather really fall for you i'm just really screaming like, Do you not just really fought for you?
And you just want to walk past it. and I say thank you they're gonna jump to It's always
Oh, my bed, my baby, I said boo I don't know who am I like?
Oh, yeah, So i'm like i'm not gonna go and help you like, Oh, yeah, I've been old my sergeant.
I'm gonna go out to train my clothes so I go home.
I change my kids. I can like outside stupidity basically walk up.
So i'm like all right so that's talking about so you got boyfriend.
I was like. No, he was like, Oh, follow me basically my father was a man who was going to have you. Remember, I said you come on a look, but I don't think it's never more enough and less like trying to be funny I
gave him my network. like a long story short, we started talking.
Then Christmas baby got together, and he bought me when you I thought I won't get him.
He had me a whole lot of I know you got me a ring, a necklace, some earrings.
He bought some balloons to my house i'm going to do after that everything just been the same after that.
Then he's to mess with the girl Oh, that's why you had made for it, and he gave her picky she gave him hickeys.
Maybe about to have sex. so i'm just like like what's going on.
Well, I say that's in that whole day to them we're here. I steps from the whole day. i'm just in the same Samson on a couch which is just allow me to go my phone you come sit by me I
move. Come, see by me, bye, go! Never heard you do get ready.
Goodbye, So I said that he moved with me, so I moved back to where I was.
So then he just actually was wrong. And I said, Son, you keep doing all this behind our backs on.
I really was down for you i'm dick the coroner.
He likes so well as you cry what else am I supposed to do.
But you're not understanding. I was I was there. for you you not by the keep sitting right here playing with me like I wasn't just right there with you fighting with you like No, we never at the door, like that.
So after that we had a conversation about what happened. They want to hurt A.
He won't hurt give him head because she go and she green all this other stuff.
Then, Peter, his mother, I hear him all this. yes, all it is.
I did hit him, but I had a right to hit him because you just really disrespected me in front of all your friends.
I'm going to punch in your face because you just feel like you just yeah.
So he's never like while you hit my son I'm just like you don't even know what he did. i'm like you don't know what he did to that yaker not be fighting yard cup we all been
together for a minute y'all cannot be fighting Yes, we could be fighting because he's not going to disrespect me, or come, you know, be in front of his friends and behind.
Closed. Do you want to be in my face That's dead No, We like to go and do it like that
So he just like So after all of It We get together with me still starts you out, 3 strikes. You're out like It's no coming back. i've got a chance.
After. I I never give 2 strikes I gave him more than 3 strikes like everybody just kept telling me you're done for this boy.
You're down for this boy. Yes, I am done for this but by the end of the day I learned this global, and I still do love him.
But it's never, us come me not going back to what we was like we killed refriends, whether you're not my friend, or for what you did.
So they're vitamin times day. i'm still thinking a bit better. get ready for school.
You come to my house he told everybody I mean well he had a little celebrated the flowers that can be all that in the little old bag that you'll bring up like that and tied to top and they had bows and stuff on it he drew a Teddy bit at
me. I woke up here at the balloon show, and then happy.
My time thing lighting him his teddy bear he Grudges balloon, and at the end we would just ain't never really happened during the summer time, came.
And he was still trying to talk to at the holiday over the house.
And it has sex house, and they drove like honest that's fine too.
That's not That's fine We don't i'm not going to talk to you for a long time while you Can't talk to me, Bra. You acting like I got a pregnant you acting like I had her I had
her had sex with her role. I say it's not the point of you having sex with her stuff principle of you have a girlfriend.
You're having sex with another female. so then after that I start subtracting for like 2 months after that he texted me. he was like you still married me.
I was like no I don't hold greatest that's not my that's not me.
He's like i'm sorry I really don't want you to leave me.
I don't want you to give an nobody else I said oh!
And I just kept saying, Oh, he was like you're not asking yourself, Are you really Ok?
I said, Yeah, I'm: wrong? The question is are you Okay, because your bowl is Ok.
Are they itching? Is you okay? Do you have bumps?
Are you Okay, like that's the question because you have a second little girl.
I got going to read like, Are you Ok. that's the question who are you?
I'm all right, I went to the doctor just then the third He didn't go to the doctor It came back.
You have nothing. so we gather together, going out of it.
His birthday came. No, that no, something else happened. He bothers some girl in his page like is this: I hope that stuff, and I just gave this boy chance as a chance.
I could change, and one thing I could always live on he'd never hit me before.
We always was play fighting, but me getting serious, me him everything.
He never hit me back. He always liked pin me down like mo stop playing with me.
He had never hit me, though, so he posted on his page. I beat the gorilla because she said something to me.
I don't even fight over the board. but you say something to me that was the fact.
I want to just left you alone. You could have had this boy like you could have been heading like snatched him.
What you wanted to like i'm really going I was just i'm really done.
I'm really done i'm really done like so he's like no, you're not you're not going nowhere.
You're not going nowhere. How do you want to talk they were you about together then?
Birthday. Come right, I go see I don't laugh I want to birthday.
I don't see him for reading it was our if I drip a blood on your B.
How you want to feel that? said we're gonna do anything on his birthday?
Why am I so well. i'm just saying i'm sitting here.
I've lived in my pants What are you going to do you're not going to help me.
You're not going to get an open rock fat with the but the bar rocks out on at the bed. You're not going to do that.
You're going to let me we're like it's funny. so I said, No, i'm not coming over there.
I'm not coming over there, so I guess you should get for it. and he took that attitude and he was to talk it again.
Hand sex again gay, for he gave She gave she gave him his again, and he was getting back together.
Nobody. i'm done I just have that this I went so I just feel like I give a course, or turned out to change, and to me 3 structure.
I'll just give you 4 whole chances and you'll see it for granted.
So therefore i'm not talking to you like you're not my friend?
No I don't want to say how's What to say and why don't you hurt it isn't him no more?
No, i'm sorry Yeah, i'd say every time you talk about volume. Voice gets shaky.
My feelings are hurt. Then I asked and i'm like so what if I did it?
Oh, you would have got Fd up. You would have had a singing.
You, and I neglect so. What if I still? What if I beat you one, then? what?
How you want to feel. I guess I deserved it by by bye, and he just keeps on her right. They're still, my girl.
No we're not together we're not together. i'm Sorry we're not together for Rocky Sam are you bring it with mind your business, but in your business demands having fun for his birthday.
That's not having fun. Then you slope with your birthday you don't even smoke you lie to me.
You don't even smoke. But then, when I first asked them what it was, I knew what it was.
My friends tell me what it was. His friends are my friends.
I know his friends. They're not your men for real they tell me everything you're doing.
So I asked them, like what is that on gurnette Oh, i'm breaking out something bit me something bitch you back.
Don't even say nothing to me. like don't talk to me. don't speak to me that will hurt me to the next day he went to basketballs. Why do you own basketball.
Then we like talk to a basketball at me was really there for me like he was.
He was damned sometimes, but I feel like me telling him no get that best at hand like he just don't he just can't take no no, it's just no it's no leave it alone.
No, no, I know this will happen. or it's just ever since after the Fourth of July, when I attacked him, I was like what you doing.
He was like nothing. he just put the same. Well, gee!
I just knew people want to do this tell us and he's still grieving.
I want to hear none of that they don't be going for 7 months.
I don't want to hear that I don't I don't, because I lost my cousins, and i'm still grieving and doing care so.
I don't want to hear it he feel like everybody said i'm wrong.
I'm not wrong. Your mother I left here early and went home. I stay here for the other day.
I left and went home. Did I block them what is the ground just over there. I'm blocked from just the other day. You ain't got a new girlfriend yet.
I don't know why he can go ahead and get a girlfriend.
I'm gonna hurt that a girl who don't want to hurt beggar.
I'm not gonna hurt her you get a girlfriend that are a fitness.
Are you over it. Are you over here I love him but i'm just really over him, like for real when I see him.
All I could do is just look like you skank life for you.
I just can't take that little boy it was a young one last for a long time.
We lasted long enough. Hmm! He lasted long enough.
The new X. Now, are you really drawing your hair? I said, Yeah, what you thought about me, whereas this is straight to her.
Here, if you may have a number and grow up around here, give you real, May I?
Okay, You felt I need to give. Put her in a bit that I laid in. So therefore I want to break her up around you.
Hmm. speak on it. Okay, Everybody like though that's fine with me I don't care town bother me.
You sure it don't you really Don't I focus on my if what are you talking to now, this boy?
To go to my school here. a new boy what's his name timber.
Oh, okay, You like him, because very your whole face lit up.
Tell me about what spelled mmm you're kind of old bone, your brown skin you got airing He lives upst.
He knows my father. he has a 10 feet that's my forever 50 piece, I thought graphically.
Peace by you Really, nap like this earth thing to me.
He bought me lunch every day because I always will at he got a call.
That's a plus got a call good like what but he wanted to talk to me first.
I was playing hard to get hack, curves I like it I like it.
That's good, especially after this whole situation. you need to say Yeah, I appreciate it.
I appreciate. we persistent though i'm not holding you along to you, my girl.
I'm going to go for again, so not yet not just coming.
I was coming, but that's that's not my Well, he got to do.
You got to buy some little lunch He can take you to Danny.
I need to go that day. What are the movies how much I want to see it? Oh, okay, i'll see scary stuff.
I'll do that. I've been to go see yeah I was scared. all my life.
I was like, no matter how people like calm down it's Okay, I was like what he was like, calm down. It's okay.
Another day. What to the movies in the Buddha? Why, he took me all the way.
Attempt to go in the house. he drove me over the 10 i'm going to take me from Nick because it's a little crazy. So you don't want him to know No. So about your school.
Okay, I need to sing you bye-bye. See you later about how he go to college.
Oh, wow! you need to know right bound up. that was kind of Yeah, I see you don't know Shay you can ask.
I don't know Oh, You're going to be shit I saw you're talking about, man. We want to go to his state.
Oh, Oh, you're going together here, junior look what you need he's a freshman, you're a freshman.
Yeah, he would long wait until he he's not saying Oh, he's fitting.
He's not an attempt for family reason. He was out of Google.
He lost his grandmother. He never liked school. Fine! How you got a call! Hmm!
You gotta be 16 or drive, so let me not be getting in his business.
Oh, no, you guys edge my friend angle asking, Let that boy drive his car y'all be safe when you're out.
I'm gonna call next to you and or not begin to ride because i'll be at college not when I do the call.
I'm going to talk June but he should be going to he gonna be going to college in August.
So it's going to give me the scene of the rat He's stealing a rat. Don't let him back.
Don't let him get back there for 6 weeks don't do it.
Tell you. Yes, be ready for me. Games Okay, put assistant at my desk.
Oh, we're almost done so we got distracted vote just don't want her.
Her mom was still better. stay, she's in it but I just want to.
Oh, okay, all right, all right, all right. so we're going to cut it off.
But I want you to do one other thing for me.
We start talking about , we got distracted with
So pizza don't get caught up with Matthew.
It's crazy. that man no man you sure you don't I really don't, miss for real everybody think i'm not over him.
I'm really overhand this is the part of you that Won't have a little part of me about the ever part of me is saying, Don't go by and let it go I want you to read some stuff on me Okay, read that I know Thank you
I love, you too. i'm i'm gonna give you a tutsie roll after we say this i'm gonna take it.